fix: assert :nth-child() selects children (#28689)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_nth-child/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`:nth-child()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) matches elements based on their position among a group of siblings. In other words, child elements are selected according to their position in a parent element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`:nth-child()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) matches elements based on the indexes of the elements in the child list of their parents. In other words, the `:nth-child()` selector selects child elements according to their position among all the sibling elements within a parent element.
```

the "all" is really important, because "type" counts only of a specific type but child considers all the children equally. We  might want to and the word "all" to line 14 as well.

- {{ Cssxref(":nth-of-type") }}
- {{ Cssxref(":nth-last-child") }}

> - {{ Cssxre(":has()") }}

Author: Adhering to [See also section guidelines](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Writing_style_guide#descriptive_text):
```suggestion
- {{ Cssxre(":has()") }}: pseudo-class for selecting parent element
```

> - [Tree structural pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes#tree-structural_pseudo-classes

Reviewer 2: Missing a `)`?

Author: How did you find it?! I remember you correcting missing something like `)` before.

Looks like markdownlint can not detect it. Will investigate tomorrow. May be we need a new custom rule for this.

Reviewer 2: I just randomly took a look at this commit and found no syntax highlighting here:)

A custom rule is doable, I think.

Author: For now https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28706

Reviewer: it's missing the "F"
